Do you know solutions for: AGV Control, autonomous intralogistics

// Separator //
Solution: SIMOVE AGV
Description: Increasing individualization and variant diversity of products are shaping the industry of the future. Industrial manufacturing is being led by the trend of flexible production concepts. Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) play an important role to make your production dynamic and scalable. SIMOVE is the AGV system platform, including Siemens automation & drive components along with modular and pretested software.
It enables machine builders and end-customers to automate their AGV application "out-of-the-box".

Factories Adopted: Karlsruhe
CAPEX: 800 thousand Euros
Contact: Florian SIA, Marc SIA


// Separator //
Solution: Forklift Control System
Description: The SLS manages all transport requests centrally in a database and allocates them one after the other to the active stackers. With mobile client stations, it controls the forklift truck fleet and order-optimised at all nodes of the logistics process, such as goods receipts, picking areas, manual storage zones and dispatch stations, but also at production sites. Thanks to complete digitisation at the system transitions, the handling of forklift transport is considerably simplified (printed consignment notes are completely eliminated).

Factories Adopted: Nürnberg
CAPEX: 300.000 €
Contact: ifd GmbH


// Separator //
Solution: AGV Sample System
Description: Whether your goal is reduced labour costs, higher order throughput, increased accuracy, greater productivity, or all the above, you’ve come to the right place. Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are driverless robots used to transport materials in warehouses, distribution centres (DCs), and manufacturing facilities using designated pickup and delivery routines.

AGVs offer a modern, economical, and safe way for distribution and production operations to scale up throughput with flexible automation instead of adding more labour, physical space, or bulky equipment.



Factories Adopted: Istanbul, Mumbai, Starnberg
CAPEX: 1,2 Mio EUR





